CEDRIC Release date Septermber 18, 2012

These commits pertain mostly to fixes with NCAR graphics when building 
32- and 64-bit versions.  

1. Fixed modules where the "CALL PLCHMQ" used the obsolete CPUX and CPUY
   coordinate transformations from plotter address units (PAUs range from
   1 to 1024) to user (geometric) coordinates.
   a. The CPUX and CPUY utilities were within older versions of NCAR 
      graphics.  Newer versions require XY fractional coordinates (0->1)
      rather than PAUs.
   b. Wrote my own version (MY_PLCHMQ) that finds out the current mapping
      between user coordinats and plotter fractional units (0 to 1) using 
      the "CALL GETSET" NCAR graphics command, then sets the plot window
      to the fractional units (CALL SET), and calls PLCHMQ with fractional 
      units.  Before returning to the calling module, the original user
      coordinates are restored again using CALL SET.
2. A similar problem existed with scatter plots that did a transformation
   from user coordinates to fractional coordinates before plotting each
   scatter point.  Likewise, there were issues with some places using the
   much older metacode coordinates that ranged from 0 to 32767.  In both
   instances PAUs or metacode coordinates were converted to fractional
   coordinates by dividing by either 1023 or 32767.
3. Moved all files that were used only for MDV format datasets into the
   directory MDVstuff for reference and are no longer a part of the 
   archive.  Those modules that were also used for other purposes were
   merely copied into MDVstuff and remain part of the archive.
4. Commented out all code that called any WRF-related modules.  These
   lines of code were often within subroutines that called other non-WRF
   related routines.
5. Added Fortran versions of gbytes and sbytes that used to be within
   the NCAR graphics.  These are routines for packing and unpacking 
   16-bit chunks of scaled-integer data fields into 32- or 64-bit 
   computer words.
6. There are some issues with the packing and unpacking when the CEDRIC
   parameter WORDSZ=64 for running on a 64-bit computer.  There are a
   few spurious values in some fields.  These have been temporarily 
   trapped by setting some unpacked words to the bad data flag.  So
   far tests with NX=NY=201 ==> 40401 values per field per Z-plane
   are trapped in the FETCHZ routine with

         ITEM(NPLANE)=IZIPAK
         ITEM(2+NPLANE/2)=IZIPAK

   where IZIPAK=32768.
